# Rossmann-Sales-Prediction-Shraddha
Rossmann operates over 3,000 drug stores in 7 European countries. Currently, Rossmann store managers are tasked with predicting their daily sales for up to six weeks in advance. Store sales are influenced by many factors, including promotions, competition, school and state holidays, seasonality, and locality. With thousands of individual managers predicting sales based on their unique circumstances, the accuracy of results can be quite varied.
Here we are provided with historical sales data for 1,115 Rossmann stores. The task is to forecast the "Sales" column for the test set where some stores in the dataset were temporarily closed for refurbishment.


Dirk Rossmann GmbH, commonly referred to as Rossmann, is one of the largest drug store chains in Europe with around 56,200 employees and more than 4000 stores. The company was founded in 1972 by Dirk Rossmann with its headquarters in Burgwedel near Hanover in Germany. The Rossmann family owns 60% of the company. The Hong Kong-based A.S. Watson Group owns 40%, which was taken over from the Dutch Kruidvat in 2004.

In 2019 Rossmann had more than €10 billion turnover in Germany, Poland, Hungary, the Czech Republic, Turkey, Albania, Kosovo and Spain. In 2021, sales increased by 8.1 percent to 11.1 billion euros. There are a total of 4,361 Rossmann branches, 2,231 of which are in Germany.

The product range includes up to 21,700 items and can vary depending on the size of the shop and the location. In addition to drugstore goods with a focus on skin, hair, body, baby and health, Rossmann also offers promotional items ("World of Ideas"), pet food, a photo service and a wide range of natural foods and wines. There is also a perfume range with around 200 commercial brands. Rossmann has 29 private brands with 4600 products (as of 2019). In 1997, the first own brands Babydream, Facelle, Sunozon and Winston were introduced. The best-known Rossmann brands are Isana (skin, hair and body care), Alterra (natural cosmetics), domol (cleaning and laundry detergents) alouette (paper tissues etc).
